today we are going to learn how a
rear derailleur
or the pose of the necessary change when you have
changed a stain on the handle the
chain does not change its mind it does not
changing two of ordes in a very
abruptly normally when this happens it
produces a constant noise the
transmission and we will move
and something to follow this meeting
You see how it changes two pinions at a time
because it costs a lot to change one alone
most of the rear changes are
indexed this means that at each
opinion corresponds a march
different in the suitcase so at
adjust the rear what we will be
doing is to associate with each pinion its
corresponding gear in the handle what
first thing we're going to do now is
change to the small opinion that in this
case is already on the graphic plate
once we have it what we are going to
do
the key of the 8 open the prisoner of
cable to leave it free
the cable is loose in case
was in poor condition would be changed by
a new one
once we got here
we will tighten or loosen the cylinder
adjustment to leave it towards the middle of its
travel this adjustment cylinder when
we turn it counterclockwise
we have the metal piece that is in
your interior is coming out getting like this
the tension of the cable
if we turn it clockwise it happens
otherwise the metal piece is going
getting more and so the cable loosens
we are going to leave aligned both
this would be the correct position
just like the deviant itself in the
way we have also doing adjustment
of control of the tension of the change this
adjustment balance works from the
same way if we turn it in direction
counter-clockwise the metallic piece that is in
its interior is coming out little by little
getting like this
the tension of the cable
whereas if we turn it upside down in
clockwise the piece as they put it
getting it to loosen
we are going to leave them aligned
both the plastic part and the metal part
what is inside
these elements of tension control
of the cable what they allow us is a
optimal adjustment at the end of the process
all the rear servers carry two
screws with an ax and a l hai and
then in English that limit the route
of the derailleur by the pinion to avoid
that the chain goes out the screw h limits
the child in little while the l
does the same with the big
Now what we have to do is
tighten a screw h to match
the small pinion with rounds
we have the measure that we move the
screw the set of rolland to
move then it has to be aligned with
the small pinion
thus
if we have correctly aligned the
sheave on the small pinion the
dissent
of the rear wheel would this we're going to
re-tighten the press of the
cable checking before all the
shirts
they go into the holes through which
they must go
we thought a little
and with the same as 8 before
we leave fixed
once arrived at this point what
we're going to do is go up
checking that every click
corresponds a different
in this way once we have the chain
in the big pinion what we're going to do
is to adjust the screw marked with a
to limit the route of the
chain is that pinion
To do this, we will squeeze
function of what you need
and just like we left before the
small pinion aligned with the chain in
this case we will leave it in the pinion
big
if we have performed this operation
correctly we can check how
the derailleur wheels are aligned
perfectly with the large pinion
finally we realize again that all
the changes in the march are made
correctly according to the controllers
and following each click of the hand in
if he needed a little bit
more than tension we would use the
Lieutenants adjusting both derailleur
the one on the handle to adjust it
totally
with this simple videotutorial we have
I learned how to be like that you already know
Take the bike out of the storage room and start
pedaling is repairing up to you
the next